Adding documentation on logos and MIDs (#31)
hackclub/yellow_pages: README.md

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub
at https://github.com/hackclub/yellow_pages.

### How do I add a new icon to a Merchant ID?

> 1. Make your SVG of the vendor, make sure this is viewable on a white and black background so it's accessible. Your SVG should be square and black with a transparent background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find an existing SVG of the vendor's logo (or create one if not found), make sure this is viewable on a white and black background so it's accessible. Your SVG should be square and black with a transparent background.
```

2. Check [merchants.yaml](https://github.com/hackclub/yellow_pages/blob/main/lib/yellow_pages/merchants.yaml) to see if the vendor is there. If it's not, look up the merchant ID (see below) and add the merchant info to the file.

3. Upload the svg for your image to [icons](https://github.com/hackclub/yellow_pages/tree/main/lib/assets/icons) using `merchant["name"].gsub(/[ '-]/, "").downcase` as the format for the filename.

### How do I add a new Merchant?

1. Find the Merchant ID. If you don't already have it, have a look at the section below.

> 2. Once you have the Merchant ID, fork and open [merchants.yaml](https://github.com/hackclub/yellow_pages/blob/main/lib/yellow_pages/merchants.yaml), and at the bottom of the file add your information in this order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once you have the Merchant ID, fork and open [merchants.yaml](https://github.com/hackclub/yellow_pages/blob/main/lib/yellow_pages/merchants.yaml), and at the bottom of the file add your information in this format:
```
